/ more friendly is concrete I hope that
you are fine because there was also the
tutorial on how to use the card
walsh optics let's take out the passive
to the passive what it does is that when
we die because we have 7 seconds to
keep pulling skills the cv that is
what you have to unlock first is
a ball that can go missing is
spend very little for 2050 week data
of not allocate all work we achieve the
w is a barrier that is that big
like Mars the signal and slows down when
they go through it the e is damage per second
with an aura that is around us
and every time we improve them it makes more
damage but spend more mana per second and
the useful hearing the cardboard gap
what it does is that all
enemies of the game hurt them
they reduce reduction to all be where
be for the first thing we 're going to
catch are two pots the ring
and the graphic lighthouse
let's go to the pits when I have
level 6
also tell you that it removes it more when
only one unit, that is, if we give
someone and you are alone with no one around
what needs to be done first would be
especially the tear
the activated and selecting that it fills
very fast
after making the rod of ages
plus
the rod of the cities as the hat
finish the cane of the archangel that
it would be the end of improving the drop to
maximum
it was to make us gold while
we have activated the one that is not going
quite a year of Latin we facilitate
our focus and the salt scepter with this
build you'll see what a lot of cartridge
while practicing 242
when I have something to teach too
how to kill with cartons
also what is the q then the and after
the wy to enter someone here
looking for the 102 would be to throw the w
Cáceres parenthesis to activate its
side
here I think it's the bar area with
stability
earn balloons to spend 78 per second and
from 20 to 44 degrees
and right now
trusted
that is, here you also want two letters
all our departure and you have to have
very careful to throw it useful because it is
that when he's letting her
boat to use down so
if it's just ready but you're killed
second before the tool is canceled
totally bony is exposed to also be
completely cancels so try
throwing the hiding places was only a little
apart even if they do not arrive it will already be
you can throw
and so you may wish others
you can undo a fall from here in
The he coming if he dies and that and good
now if it was incomplete and has a little
of the combo with very good inflation
to finish up here we have the build
it is the seraphim the routes from zero to
zone and at the time of the ages the hat
and the visual theater with status and
I will hold jce we have our hundreds
of apps and we already removed a thousand with the last
so the lakers
goodbye everybody
and now I leave you with the masters before
to finish the video and
I in this game used to be more than
ape with letters with these in stability
at level 18 and a little portability
by level 15 ability power to
start the magical existence and a little
of armor that we never know that we
can allow master's degrees also those of
ap are these and you can copy them at
that you want here I leave you and good
this has been all a greeting was dedicated neither
in the next tutorial we see ourselves with
goodbye graphics